Add BigQuery Profiler [sc-5879] (#131)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/bigquery/usage/README.md

## Setup

> Create a [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) using [Setup](../README.md#Setup) guide for the general BigQuery connector. You'll need to grant additional permissions to the account to view the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services). You can add the `Private Logs Viewers` role to your service account or add the following permissions to the custom IAM role your service account bind with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) base on the [Setup](../README.md#Setup) guide for the general BigQuery connector. You'll need to grant additional permissions to the account to view the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services). You can add the `Private Logs Viewers` role to your service account or add the following permissions to the custom IAM role your service account bind with:
```

Sorry my bad. Let's be consistent with the wording in https://github.com/MetaphorData/connectors/blob/main/metaphor/snowflake/profile/README.md

Author: `base` was missing anyway, but now fixed.

The config file inherits all the required and optional fields from the general BigQuery connector [Config File](../README.md#config-file). In addition, you can specify the following configurations:

> ```YAML

Reviewer: Just curious, `yaml` doesn't work?

Reviewer: I see. It's not super clear from GitHub's document if case matters, but it seems like the convention is lower cases: https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks

Author: Reverted.
